# Database_Project
This a project that explains how I used SQL for a database design.

## Background
ABC Game Store, a console games retailer, has shown a rapid growth since its start of business. As it grew, the store faced a number of challenges related to low customer satisfaction. Customers were complaining about in-store customer service, however, the current data held by the business could not generate any meaningful insights and also could not load any data related to solve the problem. To solve the problem, the business needed information generated by customers, transactions, products, product display, employee, employee schedule and employee rating data. With the new database system, the ABC game store was able to yield meaningful reports. Through the proposed database, the business can generate monthly sales reports based on customer information, monthly reports on employees’ customer service assessment, and report on peak hours and the current situation. These reports can facilitate the building of a positive customer in-store experience. 

According to DBLC, the database for the business is in the fourth phase, testing and evaluation. The project has finished initial study, design, and implementation and loading phase and needs to take further actions in testing and evaluation, operation, and maintenance and evolution phase. The database needs to iteratively make improvements to address problems occurring.  Iteration of the updating the database will eliminate the bottlenecks of ABC game store business and potentially impact on creating additional economic values and securing customer loyalty.

